elements/rh-button/docs/10-style.md, before:

## Style 
A blockquote is a combination of elements used to give visual prominence to a quotation. By default, a blockquote includes a quote icon, quotation text, and citation text <strong>at a minimum</strong>. A blockquote may also include the following optional elements:
Emphasis border
Logo
Title and heading text
Interactive elements or layouts like a video or card

### Anatomy 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Anatomy image of buttons with numbered annotations",
          src="../button-anatomy.png" %}

1) Text
2) Container
3) Border
4) Text only
5) Icon
6) Icon background
7) Icon only
## Theme 
Buttons are available in both light and dark themes.
### Light and dark themes 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme Danger, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, Link, Play, and Close buttons",
          src="../button-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme Danger, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, Link, Play, and Close buttons",
          src="../button-theme-dark.png" %}

<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - Danger button text | #FFFFFF | #151515 |
| Color - Danger button surface | #C9190B | #FF542E |
| Color - Primary button text | #FFFFFF | #FFFFFF |
| Color - Primary button surface | #0066CC | #0066CC |
| Color - Secondary button text and border | #0066CC | #2B9AF3 |
| Border width - Secondary button | 1px | 1px |
| Color - Tertiary button text and border | #151515 | #FFFFFF |
| Border width - Tertiary button | 1px | 1px |
| Color - Link button tex | #0066CC | #2B9AF3 |
| Color - Play button background | #151515 | #FFFFFF |
| Opacity - Play button background | 50% | 25% |
| Color - Close button | #4D4D4D | #C7C7C7 |

## Configuration 
All buttons with a container have the same height and border radius, but the width varies based on the amount of content. Buttons in a row are all horizontally centered. When a Play button is placed on an image, it is both horizontally and vertically centered and stays the same size no matter how big or small the image gets.

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of buttons and various specs like border radius, height, icon size, width, alignment, placement, and more",
          src="../button-configuration.png" %}


## Space 
Space values are the same on all breakpoints for the following buttons. To see space values when buttons are grouped, go to the Guidelines page.

<rh-alert state="info">
<h3 slot="header">Helpful tip</h3>
<p>Buttons include a custom <code>6px</code> spacer, do not use it anywhere else.</p>
</rh-alert>

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of Danger, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, Link, and Close buttons with spacing values in between",
          src="../button-space.png" %}

<br>

| Spacer | Current value | 
| ------ | ------------- | 
| ![6px spacer](../button-6px-spacer.png) | 6px 0.375rem |
| ![8px spacer](../button-8px-spacer.png) | 8px 0.5rem |
| ![16px spacer](../button-16px-spacer.png) | 16px 1.0rem |


## Interaction states 
Interaction states are visual representations used to communicate the status of an element or pattern.
### Hover 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme button hover states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-hover-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme button hover states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-hover-theme-dark.png" %}

<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - Danger button surface | #A30000 | #FF8266 |
| Color - Primary button surface | #004080 | #004080 |
| Border width - Secondary button | 2px | 2px |
| Border width - Tertiary button | 2px | 2px |
| Color - Link button text | #004080 | #73BCF7 |
| Text decoration - Link button text | Underline| Underline |
| Opacity - Play button background | 75% | 50% |
| Color - Close button | #151515 | #FFFFFF |


### Focus 
<rh-alert state="info">
<h3 slot="header">Helpful tip</h3>
<p>The Focus state has the same styles as the Hover state.</p>
</rh-alert>

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme button focus states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-focus-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme button focus states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-focus-theme-dark.png" %}
| 
<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - focus ring | #0066CC | #73BCF7 |


### Active 
<rh-alert state="info">
<h3 slot="header">Helpful tip</h3>
<p>The Active state has the same styles as the Hover state.</p>
</rh-alert>


{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme button active states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-active-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme button active states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-active-theme-dark.png" %}

<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - focus ring | #0066CC | #73BCF7 |

Commit message:

docs(button): fixed style and updated element JSDoc summary

elements/rh-button/docs/10-style.md, after:

## Style 
A button is clickable text or an icon that triggers an action on the page or in the background. Depending on the action, content, and hierarchy, a button can be used on its own or grouped with other buttons.

### Anatomy 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Anatomy image of buttons with numbered annotations",
          src="../button-anatomy.png" %}

1) Text
2) Container
3) Border
4) Text only
5) Icon
6) Icon background
7) Icon only
## Theme 
Buttons are available in both light and dark themes.
### Light and dark themes 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme Danger, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, Link, Play, and Close buttons",
          src="../button-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme Danger, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, Link, Play, and Close buttons",
          src="../button-theme-dark.png" %}

<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - Danger button text | #FFFFFF | #151515 |
| Color - Danger button surface | #C9190B | #FF542E |
| Color - Primary button text | #FFFFFF | #FFFFFF |
| Color - Primary button surface | #0066CC | #0066CC |
| Color - Secondary button text and border | #0066CC | #2B9AF3 |
| Border width - Secondary button | 1px | 1px |
| Color - Tertiary button text and border | #151515 | #FFFFFF |
| Border width - Tertiary button | 1px | 1px |
| Color - Link button tex | #0066CC | #2B9AF3 |
| Color - Play button background | #151515 | #FFFFFF |
| Opacity - Play button background | 50% | 25% |
| Color - Close button | #4D4D4D | #C7C7C7 |

## Configuration 
All buttons with a container have the same height and border radius, but the width varies based on the amount of content. Buttons in a row are all horizontally centered. When a Play button is placed on an image, it is both horizontally and vertically centered and stays the same size no matter how big or small the image gets.

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of buttons and various specs like border radius, height, icon size, width, alignment, placement, and more",
          src="../button-configuration.png" %}


## Space 
Space values are the same on all breakpoints for the following buttons. To see space values when buttons are grouped, go to the Guidelines page.

<rh-alert state="info">
<h3 slot="header">Helpful tip</h3>
<p>Buttons include a custom <code>6px</code> spacer, do not use it anywhere else.</p>
</rh-alert>

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of Danger, Primary, Secondary, Tertiary, Link, and Close buttons with spacing values in between",
          src="../button-space.png" %}

<br>

| Spacer | Current value | 
| ------ | ------------- | 
| ![6px spacer](../button-6px-spacer.png) | 6px 0.375rem |
| ![8px spacer](../button-8px-spacer.png) | 8px 0.5rem |
| ![16px spacer](../button-16px-spacer.png) | 16px 1.0rem |


## Interaction states 
Interaction states are visual representations used to communicate the status of an element or pattern.
### Hover 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme button hover states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-hover-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme button hover states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-hover-theme-dark.png" %}

<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - Danger button surface | #A30000 | #FF8266 |
| Color - Primary button surface | #004080 | #004080 |
| Border width - Secondary button | 2px | 2px |
| Border width - Tertiary button | 2px | 2px |
| Color - Link button text | #004080 | #73BCF7 |
| Text decoration - Link button text | Underline| Underline |
| Opacity - Play button background | 75% | 50% |
| Color - Close button | #151515 | #FFFFFF |


### Focus 
<rh-alert state="info">
<h3 slot="header">Helpful tip</h3>
<p>The Focus state has the same styles as the Hover state.</p>
</rh-alert>

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme button focus states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-focus-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme button focus states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-focus-theme-dark.png" %}
| 
<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - focus ring | #0066CC | #73BCF7 |


### Active 
<rh-alert state="info">
<h3 slot="header">Helpful tip</h3>
<p>The Active state has the same styles as the Hover state.</p>
</rh-alert>


{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of light theme button active states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-active-theme-light.png" %}


{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt=" Image of dark theme button active states",
          src="../button-interaction-state-active-theme-dark.png" %}

<br>

| Property | Light theme | Dark theme |
| -------- | ----------- | ---------- |
| Color - focus ring | #0066CC | #73BCF7 |
