docs/get-started/developers/installation.md, before:

---
layout: layouts/pages/basic.njk
title: Installation
heading: Developers
tags:
  - developers
permalink: /get-started/developers/installation/index.html
subnav:
  collection: sortedDevelopers
  order: 10
---

<script type="module" data-helmet>
  import '@uxdot/elements/uxdot-example.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-code-block/rh-code-block.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-alert/rh-alert.js';
</script>

## How to install

There are three ways you can install the Red Hat Design System's web components: 
CDN, NPM, or JSPM. Each element's "Code" page includes the same installation 
information with code snippets that are specific to that element.

### Red Hat CDN

<rh-alert state="warning">
  <h4 slot="header">CDN Prerelease</h4>
  <p>We are currently working on our CDN, which will be soon moving into beta. 
    This will be the preferred method of installation in the near future. If you 
    are a Red Hat associate and have questions or comments about the CDN or 
    installation process please connect with us on Slack.</p>
</rh-alert>

The recommended way to load RHDS is via the Red Hat Digital Experience CDN, and 
using an [import map][importmap].

If you have full control over the page you are using, add an import map to the 
`<head>`, pointing to the CDN, or update any existing import map. If you are not 
responsible for the page's `<head>`, request that the page owner makes the 
change on your behalf. 

```html rhcodeblock
<script type="importmap">
  {
    "imports": {
      "@rhds/elements/": "https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1-alpha/@rhds/elements@{{ pkg.version }}/elements/",
      "@patternfly/elements/": "https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1-alpha/@patternfly/elements@{{ pkg.devDependencies['@patternfly/elements'].version }}/"
    }
  }
</script>
```

Once the import map is established, you can load the element with the following 
module, containing a [bare module specifier][barespec]. The example below shows 
how you'd load in <`rh-button>`.

```html rhcodeblock
<script type="module">
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-button/rh-button.js';
</script>
```

Note that modules may be placed in the `<head>`. Since they are deferred by 
default, they will not block rendering.

### NPM

Install RHDS using your team's preferred NPM package manager.

```sh rhcodeblock
npm install @rhds/elements
```

Once that's been accomplished, you will need to use a bundler to resolve the 
bare module specifiers and optionally optimize the package for your site's 
particular use case and needs. Comprehensive guides to bundling are beyond the 
scope of this page; read more about bundlers on their websites:

- [Rollup][rollup]
- [esbuild][esbuild]
- [Parcel][parcel]
- [Webpack][webpack]


### JSPM

<rh-alert state="warning">
  <h4 slot="header">Public CDNs</h4>
  <p>JSPM and other public CDNs should not be used on corporate domains. Use 
    them for <strong>development purposes only</strong>!</p>
</rh-alert>

Add an [import map][importmap] to the `<head>`, pointing to the CDN, or update 
any existing import map.

```html rhcodeblock
<script type="importmap">
  {
  "imports": {
    "@rhds/elements/": "https://jspm.dev/@rhds/elements/",
    "@patternfly/elements/": "https://jspm.dev/@patternfly/elements/"
    }
  }
</script>
```
Once the import map is established, you can load the element with the following 
module, containing a [bare module specifier][barespec]. The example below shows 
how you'd load in <`rh-button>`.


```html rhcodeblock
<script type="module">
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-button/rh-button.js';
</script>
```

Note that Modules may be placed in the `<head>`. Since they are deferred by 
default, they will not block rendering.

### Lightdom CSS

Some elements require you to load "Lightdom CSS" stylesheets. This can also help 
to reduce [Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)][cls] experience before the element has 
fully initialized.

```html rhcodeblock
<link rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1/@rhds/elements@1.4.5/rh-footer/rh-footer-lightdom.css">
```

<uxdot-feedback>
  <h2>Designers</h2>
  <p>To get started using our design system as a designer, go to the <a 
    href="get-started/designers">Designers</a> page.</p>
</uxdot-feedback>

[rollup]: https://rollupjs.org/
[esbuild]: https://esbuild.github.io/
[parcel]: https://parceljs.org/
[webpack]: https://webpack.js.org/
[importmap]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type/importmap
[barespec]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules
[cls]: https://web.dev/cls/

Commit message:

docs(devs): adding lightdom shim css explanation and cross-linking (#1970)
* docs(devs): adding lightdom shim css explanation and cross-linking

* docs: update codeblocks

* chore: remove extra file

* docs: punctuation

---------

Co-authored-by: Benny Powers <web@bennypowers.com>

docs/get-started/developers/installation.md, after:

---
layout: layouts/pages/basic.njk
title: Installation
heading: Developers
tags:
  - developers
permalink: /get-started/developers/installation/index.html
subnav:
  collection: sortedDevelopers
  order: 10
---

<script type="module" data-helmet>
  import '@uxdot/elements/uxdot-example.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-code-block/rh-code-block.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-alert/rh-alert.js';
</script>

## How to install

There are three ways you can install the Red Hat Design System's web components: 
CDN, NPM, or JSPM. Each element's "Code" page includes the same installation 
information with code snippets that are specific to that element.

### Red Hat CDN

<rh-alert state="warning">
  <h4 slot="header">CDN Prerelease</h4>
  <p>We are currently working on our CDN, which will be soon moving into beta. 
    This will be the preferred method of installation in the near future. If you 
    are a Red Hat associate and have questions or comments about the CDN or 
    installation process please connect with us on Slack.</p>
</rh-alert>

The recommended way to load RHDS is via the Red Hat Digital Experience CDN, and 
using an [import map][importmap].

If you have full control over the page you are using, add an import map to the 
`<head>`, pointing to the CDN, or update any existing import map. If you are not 
responsible for the page's `<head>`, request that the page owner makes the 
change on your behalf. 

```html rhcodeblock
<script type="importmap">
  {
    "imports": {
      "@rhds/elements/": "https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1-alpha/@rhds/elements@{{ pkg.version }}/elements/",
      "@patternfly/elements/": "https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1-alpha/@patternfly/elements@{{ pkg.devDependencies['@patternfly/elements'].version }}/"
    }
  }
</script>
```

Once the import map is established, you can load the element with the following 
module, containing a [bare module specifier][barespec]. The example below shows 
how you'd load in <`rh-button>`.


```html rhcodeblock
<script type="module">
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-button/rh-button.js';
</script>
```

Note that modules may be placed in the `<head>`. Since they are deferred by 
default, they will not block rendering.

### NPM

Install RHDS using your team's preferred NPM package manager.

```sh rhcodeblock
npm install @rhds/elements
```

Once that's been accomplished, you will need to use a bundler to resolve the 
bare module specifiers and optionally optimize the package for your site's 
particular use case and needs. Comprehensive guides to bundling are beyond the 
scope of this page; read more about bundlers on their websites:

- [Rollup][rollup]
- [esbuild][esbuild]
- [Parcel][parcel]
- [Webpack][webpack]


### JSPM

<rh-alert state="warning">
  <h4 slot="header">Public CDNs</h4>
  <p>JSPM and other public CDNs should not be used on corporate domains. Use 
    them for <strong>development purposes only</strong>!</p>
</rh-alert>

Add an [import map][importmap] to the `<head>`, pointing to the CDN, or update 
any existing import map.

```html rhcodeblock
<script type="importmap">
  {
    "imports": {
      "@rhds/elements/": "https://jspm.dev/@rhds/elements/",
      "@patternfly/elements/": "https://jspm.dev/@patternfly/elements/"
    }
  }
</script>
```
Once the import map is established, you can load the element with the following 
module, containing a [bare module specifier][barespec]. The example below shows 
how you'd load in <`rh-button>`.


```html rhcodeblock
<script type="module">
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-button/rh-button.js';
</script>
```

Note that Modules may be placed in the `<head>`. Since they are deferred by 
default, they will not block rendering.

### Lightdom CSS

Some elements require you to load "Lightdom CSS" stylesheets, which are necessary 
for styling deeply slotted child elements. In some cases, these may also help reduce 
some [Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS)][cls] experience before the element has fully 
initialized, but are not intended to be used without initializing the element or by 
themselves to prevent CLS.

```html rhcodeblock
<link rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1/@rhds/elements@1.4.5/rh-footer/rh-footer-lightdom.css">
```

<rh-alert>Note: a future version of RHDS will remove the requirement to manually
load these stylesheets</rh-alert>

### Lightdom CSS shims

Some elements have provided an *optional* `-lightdom-shim.css` file to aid in limiting 
[CLS][cls] as much as possible, by styling some parts of the element before it has fully 
initialized (i.e., `:not(:defined)`). These "shims" are inherently different than the 
required "Lightdom CSS" mentioned above, and are only a temporary stop-gap until 
[Delcarative Shadow DOM][dsd] is more widely available; at which point the shims will 
no longer be needed and will become deprecated.

```html rhcodeblock
<link rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://www.redhatstatic.com/dx/v1/@rhds/elements@1.4.5/rh-cta/rh-cta-lightdom-shim.css">
```

<uxdot-feedback>
  <h2>Designers</h2>
  <p>To get started using our design system as a designer, go to the <a 
    href="get-started/designers">Designers</a> page.</p>
</uxdot-feedback>

[rollup]: https://rollupjs.org/
[esbuild]: https://esbuild.github.io/
[parcel]: https://parceljs.org/
[webpack]: https://webpack.js.org/
[importmap]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/script/type/importmap
[barespec]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules
[cls]: https://web.dev/cls/
[dsd]: https://web.dev/articles/declarative-shadow-dom
