docs/theming/color-palettes/index.md, before:

---
title: Color Palettes
bodyClasses: element-docs
layout: layouts/pages/has-toc.njk
order: 2
---
<link rel="stylesheet"
      data-helmet
      href="/assets/packages/@rhds/elements/elements/rh-pagination/rh-pagination-lightdom.css">
<link rel="stylesheet"
      data-helmet
      href="/assets/packages/@rhds/elements/elements/rh-tile/rh-tile-lightdom.css">
<link rel="stylesheet"
      data-helmet
      href="../color-palettes.css">

<script type="module" data-helmet>
  import '@uxdot/elements/uxdot-pattern.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/lib/elements/rh-context-demo/rh-context-demo.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-blockquote/rh-blockquote.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-card/rh-card.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-tabs/rh-tabs.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-tag/rh-tag.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-tile/rh-tile.js';
</script>

Red Hat Design System comes with a contextual color-theming feature based on
color schemes (light, dark) and six corresponding color palettes.  Designed to
respect user's preferences while enabling designer's vision and increasing
developers' efficiency, theming with RHDS builds upon state-of-the-art web
standards. Authors and developers who adopt the color palette system can quickly
produce accessible, branded experiences with less effort and greater
cross-property consistency.

<uxdot-pattern id="elements-grid" no-code-tabs src="../patterns/collage.html">
  <h3 slot="heading">Color palettes in action</h3>
</uxdot-pattern>

## Color schemes
<a id="backgrounds-and-theme-tokens"></a>
<a id="backgrounds"></a>

Color schemes (previously referred to as **backgrounds**) are rendering modes 
for elements that change their foreground and background colors. There are two 
color schemes: `light` and `dark`, each corresponding to three of the six color 
palettes. Elements which respond to their color scheme by changing their colors 
are called **color scheme consumers** (previously referred to as **color context 
consumers**).

<div class="surface-grid">
  <rh-card class="icon-card" color-palette="lightest">
    <rh-icon slot="header" set="ui" icon="light-mode"></rh-icon>
    <h3 slot="header">Light Scheme</h3>
    <p>Corresponding color palettes: <code>light</code>, <code>lighter</code>, <code>lightest</code>.</p>
  </rh-card>
  <rh-card class="icon-card" color-palette="darkest">
    <rh-icon slot="header" set="ui" icon="dark-mode"></rh-icon>
    <h3 slot="header">Dark Scheme</h3>
    <p>Corresponding color palettes: <code>dark</code>, <code>darker</code>, <code>darkest</code>.</p>
  </rh-card>
</div>

Being aware of which elements are rendering in which color scheme is important 
to ensure that things like icons, text, and border colours remain legible.

## Color palettes
<a id="what-are-color-palettes"></a>
<a id="how-color-palettes-work"></a>

<abbr title="red hat design system">RHDS</abbr> defines six color palettes
ranging from `lightest` to `darkest`, and those are the two palettes you will
use the most for the majority of your projects.

Understanding how color palettes, color schemes, and theming work together is
important not only in terms of design guidelines but also for accessibility
compliance, and to enable positive experiences for all our users. We've
developed our theming system with web standards in mind, and aiming to use CSS
over JavaScript as much as possible. The following explains how the theming
system works.

<abbr title="red hat design system">RHDS</abbr>' color palette system is an
*HTML* and *CSS* system with some supporting JavaScript.

<rh-card class="pullquote-card right">
  <rh-blockquote>HTML design systems help teams ship better digital experiences,
    faster.</rh-blockquote>
</rh-card>

Some design system elements may define their own color palettes. Elements that
have this ability also pass on a specific color scheme to their children, based
on their current color palette. For example `<rh-surface>`, `<rh-card>`, and
`<rh-accordion>` can define their own color palette, while `<rh-cta>` and
`<rh-badge>` cannot.

Elements which have this ability are called **color scheme providers** 
(previously referred to as **color context providers**). They usually implement 
a default color palette (e.g. `lightest`). Color scheme providers must also 
possess an optional `color-palette` attribute. When it is set to one of the six 
color palette values, any child elements which consume a background type will 
respond to the change. Setting the `color-palette` attribute will override any 
parent's color scheme.

There are six color palettes in RHDS:

<ol class="color-palette-grid">
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="lightest">Lightest</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="lighter">Lighter</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="light">Light</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="dark">Dark</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="darker">Darker</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="darkest">Darkest</rh-surface></li>
</ol>

Context providers typically use the `lightest` color palette as the default.
Authors may define the color palette of a container using the `color-palette`
HTML attribute. So for example, to create a card with the darkest color palette,
use this HTML:

<uxdot-pattern class="card-snippet-grid"
               src="../patterns/card-default-vs-set-palette.html"
               full-height="">
</uxdot-pattern>

Color palettes allow for the creation of different experiences using the same 
design system. Changing an element's color palette can affect its colors and 
backgrounds, but usually spacing, typography, layouts, content, and imagery 
remain the same.

### Nested color palettes

Color palette containers can be nested, such that child elements will always 
adopt the color theme corresponding to the nearest container's palette.
Extending our card example from above, if you add an
`<rh-cta>` to the card, it will *automatically* adopt the dark color theme. The
page author need not and should not customize the CTA's colours.

<uxdot-pattern class="card-snippet-grid"
               src="../patterns/card-child-consumers.html"
               full-height="">
</uxdot-pattern>

<rh-card class="pullquote-card right">
  <rh-blockquote>Color palettes lets authors write more HTML, simpler CSS, and
    less JavaScript</rh-blockquote>
</rh-card>

To summarize: color providers can adopt one six palettes, three dark and
three light, and setting a color palette also sets the color scheme for its
descendants, overriding any user preferences.

## Combination elements

Some elements are both providers and consumers. Card, for example is both a
provider and a consumer. It can accept the color theme of its parent context and
it can also set its own color palette.

<uxdot-pattern class="card-snippet-grid"
               src="../patterns/card-consumer-provider.html"
               full-height="">
</uxdot-pattern>

## Theming

<rh-alert>
  Page authors *do not need to and should not* directly customize the
  colors of consumer elements, but instead should set custom values for [theme
  tokens][theming].
</rh-alert>

<rh-card>

<uxdot-best-practice variant="do">

```css rhcodeblock {slot=image}
.custom-theme-card {
  --rh-color-interactive-primary-default-on-light: var(--my-theme-darkblue);
  --rh-color-interactive-primary-default-on-dark: var(--my-theme-lightblue);
}
```

Customize theming tokens for themed containers

</uxdot-best-practice>
<uxdot-best-practice variant="dont">

```css rhcodeblock {slot=image}
.custom-cta {
  color: var(--my-theme-darkblue);
}
```

Avoid customizing element CSS directly

</uxdot-best-practice>

</rh-card>

See the [customizing](../customizing/) page for a more detailed example.

## Choosing a color palette

How you choose a color palette is based on content, user experience, and
accessibility needs.

### Lightest color palette

The lightest color palette is the default and has lots of use cases.

### Darkest color palette

The darkest color palette can be used for highlighting content with dark colors
or if a brighter interface would otherwise disrupt the user experience. Most
light elements and patterns have dark counterparts.

<rh-alert state="warning">
  <h4 slot="header">Brand red and accessibility</h4>

  Do not apply the Red Hat red color to text in dark environments unless it
  meets [WCAG 2.1 AA][wcag21aa] requirements.

</rh-alert>

## Illustrations and imagery

Illustrations and imagery should align to the color palette. The light color
palette should feature imagery with light colors and vice versa. Imagery with
high contrast is only acceptable if it has a transparent background. If you
cannot find color-palette-specific imagery, contact the Brand team. Developers
have a number of [art-direction][artdirection] techniques at their disposal for
creating themeable, responsive graphics.

<uxdot-example>
  <img alt="correct uses of an illustration with a transparent background and one illustration incorrectly using a white background on a surface with a dark color palette area"
       src="illustrations-and-imagery.png">
</uxdot-example>

{% renderFile './docs/_includes/partials/component/feedback.11ty.ts' %}

[contact]: https://github.com/RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system/discussions
[artdirection]: /theming/developers/#art-direction
[theming]: /theming/customizing/
[wcag21aa]: https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/

Commit message:

docs: scheme => theme
Co-Authored-By: @adamjohnson

docs/theming/color-palettes/index.md, after:

---
title: Color Palettes
bodyClasses: element-docs
layout: layouts/pages/has-toc.njk
order: 2
---
<link rel="stylesheet"
      data-helmet
      href="/assets/packages/@rhds/elements/elements/rh-pagination/rh-pagination-lightdom.css">
<link rel="stylesheet"
      data-helmet
      href="/assets/packages/@rhds/elements/elements/rh-tile/rh-tile-lightdom.css">
<link rel="stylesheet"
      data-helmet
      href="../color-palettes.css">

<script type="module" data-helmet>
  import '@uxdot/elements/uxdot-pattern.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/lib/elements/rh-context-demo/rh-context-demo.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-blockquote/rh-blockquote.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-card/rh-card.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-tabs/rh-tabs.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-tag/rh-tag.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-tile/rh-tile.js';
</script>

Red Hat Design System comes with a contextual color-theming feature based on
color schemes (light, dark) and six corresponding color palettes.  Designed to
respect user's preferences while enabling designer's vision and increasing
developers' efficiency, theming with RHDS builds upon state-of-the-art web
standards. Authors and developers who adopt the color palette system can quickly
produce accessible, branded experiences with less effort and greater
cross-property consistency.

<uxdot-pattern id="elements-grid" no-code-tabs src="../patterns/collage.html">
  <h3 slot="heading">Color palettes in action</h3>
</uxdot-pattern>

## Color schemes
<a id="backgrounds-and-theme-tokens"></a>
<a id="backgrounds"></a>

Color schemes (previously referred to as **backgrounds**) are rendering modes 
for elements that change their foreground and background colors. There are two 
color schemes: `light` and `dark`, each corresponding to three of the six color 
palettes. Elements which respond to their color scheme by changing their colors 
are called **color scheme consumers** (previously referred to as **color context 
consumers**).

<div class="surface-grid">
  <rh-card class="icon-card" color-palette="lightest">
    <rh-icon slot="header" set="ui" icon="light-mode"></rh-icon>
    <h3 slot="header">Light Scheme</h3>
    <p>Corresponding color palettes: <code>light</code>, <code>lighter</code>, <code>lightest</code>.</p>
  </rh-card>
  <rh-card class="icon-card" color-palette="darkest">
    <rh-icon slot="header" set="ui" icon="dark-mode"></rh-icon>
    <h3 slot="header">Dark Scheme</h3>
    <p>Corresponding color palettes: <code>dark</code>, <code>darker</code>, <code>darkest</code>.</p>
  </rh-card>
</div>

Being aware of which elements are rendering in which color scheme is important 
to ensure that things like icons, text, and border colours remain legible.

## Color palettes
<a id="what-are-color-palettes"></a>
<a id="how-color-palettes-work"></a>

<abbr title="red hat design system">RHDS</abbr> defines six color palettes
ranging from `lightest` to `darkest`, and those are the two palettes you will
use the most for the majority of your projects.

Understanding how color palettes, color schemes, and theming work together is
important not only in terms of design guidelines but also for accessibility
compliance, and to enable positive experiences for all our users. We've
developed our theming system with web standards in mind, and aiming to use CSS
over JavaScript as much as possible. The following explains how the theming
system works.

<abbr title="red hat design system">RHDS</abbr>' color palette system is an
*HTML* and *CSS* system with some supporting JavaScript.

<rh-card class="pullquote-card right">
  <rh-blockquote>HTML design systems help teams ship better digital experiences,
    faster.</rh-blockquote>
</rh-card>

Some design system elements may define their own color palettes. Elements that
have this ability also pass on a specific color scheme to their children, based
on their current color palette. For example `<rh-surface>`, `<rh-card>`, and
`<rh-accordion>` can define their own color palette, while `<rh-cta>` and
`<rh-badge>` cannot.

Elements which have this ability are called **color scheme providers** 
(previously referred to as **color context providers**). They usually implement 
a default color palette (e.g. `lightest`). Color scheme providers must also 
possess an optional `color-palette` attribute. When it is set to one of the six 
color palette values, any child elements which consume a background type will 
respond to the change. Setting the `color-palette` attribute will override any 
parent's color scheme.

There are six color palettes in RHDS:

<ol class="color-palette-grid">
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="lightest">Lightest</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="lighter">Lighter</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="light">Light</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="dark">Dark</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="darker">Darker</rh-surface></li>
  <li><rh-surface color-palette="darkest">Darkest</rh-surface></li>
</ol>

Context providers typically use the `lightest` color palette as the default.
Authors may define the color palette of a container using the `color-palette`
HTML attribute. So for example, to create a card with the darkest color palette,
use this HTML:

<uxdot-pattern class="card-snippet-grid"
               src="../patterns/card-default-vs-set-palette.html"
               full-height="">
</uxdot-pattern>

Color palettes allow for the creation of different experiences using the same 
design system. Changing an element's color palette can affect its colors and 
backgrounds, but usually spacing, typography, layouts, content, and imagery 
remain the same.

### Nested color palettes

Color palette containers can be nested, such that child elements will always 
adopt the color theme corresponding to the nearest container's palette.
Extending our card example from above, if you add an
`<rh-cta>` to the card, it will *automatically* adopt the dark color theme. The
page author need not and should not customize the CTA's colours.

<uxdot-pattern class="card-snippet-grid"
               src="../patterns/card-child-consumers.html"
               full-height="">
</uxdot-pattern>

<rh-card class="pullquote-card right">
  <rh-blockquote>Color palettes lets authors write more HTML, simpler CSS, and
    less JavaScript</rh-blockquote>
</rh-card>

To summarize: color providers can adopt one of six palettes, three dark and
three light, and setting a color palette also sets the color scheme for its
descendants, overriding any user preferences.

## Combination elements

Some elements are both providers and consumers. Card, for example is both a
provider and a consumer. It accepts the color scheme of its parent elements, or
it can set its own color palette, and inherit that scheme to it's child elements.

<uxdot-pattern class="card-snippet-grid"
               src="../patterns/card-consumer-provider.html"
               full-height="">
</uxdot-pattern>

## Theming

<rh-alert>

  Page authors *do not need to and should not* directly customize the
  colors of consumer elements, but instead should set custom values for [theme
  tokens][theming].

</rh-alert>

<rh-card>

<uxdot-best-practice variant="do">

```css rhcodeblock {slot=image}
.custom-theme-card {
  --rh-color-interactive-primary-default-on-light: var(--my-theme-darkblue);
  --rh-color-interactive-primary-default-on-dark: var(--my-theme-lightblue);
}
```

Customize theming tokens for themed containers

</uxdot-best-practice>
<uxdot-best-practice variant="dont">

```css rhcodeblock {slot=image}
.custom-cta {
  color: var(--my-theme-darkblue);
}
```

Avoid customizing element CSS directly

</uxdot-best-practice>

</rh-card>

See the [customizing](../customizing/) page for a more detailed example.

## Choosing a color palette

How you choose a color palette is based on content, user experience, and
accessibility needs.

### Lightest color palette

The lightest color palette is the default and has lots of use cases.

### Darkest color palette

The darkest color palette can be used for highlighting content with dark colors
or if a brighter interface would otherwise disrupt the user experience. Most
light elements and patterns have dark counterparts.

<rh-alert state="warning">
  <h4 slot="header">Brand red and accessibility</h4>

  Do not apply the Red Hat red color to text in dark environments unless it
  meets [WCAG 2.1 AA][wcag21aa] requirements.

</rh-alert>

## Illustrations and imagery

Illustrations and imagery should align to the color palette. The light color
palette should feature imagery with light colors and vice versa. Imagery with
high contrast is only acceptable if it has a transparent background. If you
cannot find color-palette-specific imagery, contact the Brand team. Developers
have a number of [art-direction][artdirection] techniques at their disposal for
creating themeable, responsive graphics.

<uxdot-example>
  <img alt="correct uses of an illustration with a transparent background and one illustration incorrectly using a white background on a surface with a dark color palette area"
       src="illustrations-and-imagery.png">
</uxdot-example>

{% renderFile './docs/_includes/partials/component/feedback.11ty.ts' %}

[contact]: https://github.com/RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system/discussions
[artdirection]: /theming/developers/#art-direction
[theming]: /theming/customizing/
[wcag21aa]: https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/
