elements/rh-tooltip/docs/10-style.md, before:

## Style 
A tooltip is a container with text that includes an arrow and sometimes a drop shadow. It can be anchored to various elements like buttons, icons, etc.
### Anatomy 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="tooltip-anatomy",
          src="../tooltip-anatomy.png" %}

1) Container
2) Text
3) Arrow
4) Trigger
## Theme 
A tooltip is available in both light and dark themes. The dark theme tooltip container does not include a drop shadow.
### Light theme 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="tooltip theme, light",
          src="../tooltip-theme-light.png" %}


### Dark theme 
{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="tooltip theme, dark",
          src="../tooltip-theme-dark.png" %}


## Configuration 
All badges have the same height and border radius.

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="tooltip configuration",
          src="../tooltip-configuration.png" %}


## Space 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="tooltip space",
          src="../tooltip-space.png" %}

<hr>

| Spacer | Current value |
| ------ | ------------- |
| ![tooltip 8px spacer]({{ '../tooltip-8px-spacer.png' | url }}) | 8px 0.5rem |
| ![tooltip 16px spacer]({{ '../tooltip-16px-spacer.png' | url }}) | 16px 1.0rem |

## Animation 
A tooltip has a <code>300ms</code> entry delay on hover by default, but this can be customized. For example, if you would like it to appear immediately, set the delay to <code>0ms</code>.
## Interaction states 
A tooltip appears near an icon or element on hover, focus, or when tapped. A tooltip contains only text and is not interactive.

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="tooltip-interaction-states",
          src="../tooltip-interaction-states.png" %}

{% include 'feedback.html' %}

Commit message:

docs(tooltip): edited alt text and removed a11y tab for now

elements/rh-tooltip/docs/10-style.md, after:

## Style 
A tooltip is a container with text that includes an arrow and sometimes a drop shadow. It can be anchored to various elements like buttons, icons, etc.
### Anatomy 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="Anatomy of a tooltip with annotations; number 1 is pointing to the container, number 2 is pointing to the text, number 3 is pointing to the arrow, and number 4 is pointing to the trigger",
          src="../tooltip-anatomy.png" %}

1) Container
2) Text
3) Arrow
4) Trigger
## Theme 
A tooltip is available in both light and dark themes. The dark theme tooltip container does not include a drop shadow.
### Light theme 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="Light theme tooltip which is black",
          src="../tooltip-theme-light.png" %}


### Dark theme 
{% example palette="dark",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="Dark theme tooltip which is white",
          src="../tooltip-theme-dark.png" %}


## Configuration 
All badges have the same height and border radius.

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="How a tooltip is constructed showing alignment, border radius, and arrow details",
          src="../tooltip-configuration.png" %}


## Space 
{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="Tooltip spacing both within the element and in between the element and trigger",
          src="../tooltip-space.png" %}

<hr>

| Spacer | Current value |
| ------ | ------------- |
| ![8px spacer]({{ '../tooltip-8px-spacer.png' | url }}) | 8px 0.5rem |
| ![16px spacer]({{ '../tooltip-16px-spacer.png' | url }}) | 16px 1.0rem |

## Animation 
A tooltip has a <code>300ms</code> entry delay on hover by default, but this can be customized. For example, if you would like it to appear immediately, set the delay to <code>0ms</code>.
## Interaction states 
A tooltip appears near an icon or element on hover, focus, or when tapped. A tooltip contains only text and is not interactive.

{% example palette="light",
          class="inline-flex centered",
          style="margin-block:var(--rh-space-2xl);",
          alt="Tooltip trigger interaction states",
          src="../tooltip-interaction-states.png" %}

{% include 'feedback.html' %}
