docs/patterns/card/index.md, before:

---
title: Overview
heading: Card
sidenavTitle: Card
layout: layouts/pages/pattern.njk
hasToc: true
order: 20
tags:
  - pattern
  - cardPatterns
subnav:
  collection: cardPatterns
  order: 1
---

<script type="module" data-helmet>
  import '@rhds/elements/lib/elements/rh-context-picker/rh-context-picker.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-card/rh-card.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-cta/rh-cta.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-surface/rh-surface.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-avatar/rh-avatar.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-accordion/rh-accordion.js';
</script>

<link rel="stylesheet" data-helmet href="/assets/packages/@rhds/elements/elements/rh-table/rh-table-lightdom.css">
<link rel="stylesheet" data-helmet href="/styles/samp.css">

## Overview

A card formats content in a small, contained space. It can be used to display a
preview of information or provide secondary content in relation to the content
it's near. Several cards can be used together to group related information.

<rh-alert state="info">These Card patterns document different design-approved 
  uses of the `<rh-card>` element. Consult the [`<rh-card>` element documentation][element]
  for more information on how to use the card element.</rh-alert>

## Customizing cards

Cards act as both themeable containers and also respond to the color theme from
their themeable containers. 

To customize a card the design tokens must be altered. These design tokens are 
different depending on the context for the card (light or dark theme).

Examples include:

- [`--rh-color-surface-lightest`][lightest]
- [`--rh-color-border-subtle-on-light`][border-subtle]
- [`--rh-color-text-primary-on-light`][text-primary]

For more information, please see the docs on [theming][theming] and
[`<rh-card>` css custom properties][css-props].

### Color Palettes

Cards will automatically react to the `color-palette` context provided by a 
parent element, like `<rh-surface>`.

<div id="card-themes" class="grid sm-two-columns">
  <uxdot-pattern allow="light, lighter, lightest"
                 color-palette="lightest"
                 src="./patterns/themes.html"></uxdot-pattern>
  <uxdot-pattern allow="dark, darker, darkest"
                 color-palette="darkest"
                 src="./patterns/themes.html"></uxdot-pattern>
</div>

### Explicit card theming

Cards can play an active role in theming by declaring a specific `color-palette`.

<uxdot-pattern src="./patterns/explicit-themes.html">
</uxdot-pattern>

### Custom theming

When using design tokens to apply custom themes, it is important to ensure that 
the colors used meet [color contrast guidelines][color-contrast].

<uxdot-pattern src="./patterns/custom-themes.html">
</uxdot-pattern>

{% include 'partials/component/feedback.html' %}

[element]: /elements/card
[css-props]: /elements/card/code/#css-custom-properties
[color-contrast]: /accessibility/design/#contrast
[theming]: /theming/
[lightest]: /tokens/color/#rh-color-surface-lightest
[border-subtle]: /tokens/border/#rh-color-border-subtle-on-light
[text-primary]: /tokens/font/#rh-color-text-primary-on-light

Commit message:

docs: reapply "docs: installation tabs code tabs (#1941)" (#1975)
* Reapply "docs: installation tabs code tabs (#1941)"

This reverts commit 5123961c301525efb20d56b89edeb8e23d452c2b.

* docs: toc styles on demo page

* docs: double demo

* docs: uxdot-pattern don't elide non-runtime scripts

helps for code tabs

* docs(tabs): language in code tabs pattern

* docs: tabs patterns page

* docs: uxdot-pattern explicit ids

may prevent ssr mismatches

* docs: installation tabs ssr

* docs: workarounds for ssr bugs in lit

* docs: workaround for shadowdom in link-to-tab patter

* docs(tile): patterns imports

* docs: ssr all the things... some of them effectively!

* docs(tile): subresources in pattern

* docs: has-subnav

* docs: fix toc on code pages

* docs: fix tokens toc

* docs: remove all hasToc, whitespace

- removes the hasToc frontmatter in favour of a layout
- cleans up whitespace and markup all over the place

* docs: move demos, files to js templates

* docs: get started designers

* docs: installation code blocks

* docs: developers

* docs: better one line copy block

* docs: getstarted devs

* docs: dev contrib

* docs: fix feedback

* docs: foundations color table

* docs: tokens overview title

* docs: tokens overview

* docs: related items footer on elements page

* docs: nav primary in menu

* docs: header for demos pages

* docs: demo titles

* docs: partial fix for planned elements

* docs: eleventy 3

typescript config
fix element pages and sidenav

* chore: package lock

* chore: patches

* chore: deps

docs/patterns/card/index.md, after:

---
title: Overview
heading: Card
sidenavTitle: Card
layout: layouts/pages/pattern.njk
order: 20
tags:
  - pattern
  - cardPatterns
subnav:
  collection: cardPatterns
  order: 1
---

<script type="module" data-helmet>
  import '@rhds/elements/lib/elements/rh-context-picker/rh-context-picker.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-card/rh-card.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-cta/rh-cta.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-surface/rh-surface.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-avatar/rh-avatar.js';
  import '@rhds/elements/rh-accordion/rh-accordion.js';
</script>

<link rel="stylesheet" data-helmet href="/assets/packages/@rhds/elements/elements/rh-table/rh-table-lightdom.css">
<link rel="stylesheet" data-helmet href="/styles/samp.css">

## Overview

A card formats content in a small, contained space. It can be used to display a
preview of information or provide secondary content in relation to the content
it's near. Several cards can be used together to group related information.

<rh-alert state="info">These Card patterns document different design-approved
  uses of the `<rh-card>` element. Consult the [`<rh-card>` element documentation][element]
  for more information on how to use the card element.</rh-alert>

## Customizing cards

Cards act as both themeable containers and also respond to the color theme from
their themeable containers.

To customize a card the design tokens must be altered. These design tokens are
different depending on the context for the card (light or dark theme).

Examples include:

- [`--rh-color-surface-lightest`][lightest]
- [`--rh-color-border-subtle-on-light`][border-subtle]
- [`--rh-color-text-primary-on-light`][text-primary]

For more information, please see the docs on [theming][theming] and
[`<rh-card>` css custom properties][css-props].

### Color Palettes

Cards will automatically react to the `color-palette` context provided by a
parent element, like `<rh-surface>`.

<div id="card-themes" class="grid sm-two-columns">
  <uxdot-pattern allow="light, lighter, lightest"
                 color-palette="lightest"
                 src="./patterns/themes.html"></uxdot-pattern>
  <uxdot-pattern allow="dark, darker, darkest"
                 color-palette="darkest"
                 src="./patterns/themes.html"></uxdot-pattern>
</div>

### Explicit card theming

Cards can play an active role in theming by declaring a specific `color-palette`.

<uxdot-pattern src="./patterns/explicit-themes.html">
</uxdot-pattern>

### Custom theming

When using design tokens to apply custom themes, it is important to ensure that
the colors used meet [color contrast guidelines][color-contrast].

<uxdot-pattern src="./patterns/custom-themes.html">
</uxdot-pattern>

{% renderFile './docs/_includes/partials/component/feedback.11ty.cjs' %}

[element]: /elements/card
[css-props]: /elements/card/code/#css-custom-properties
[color-contrast]: /accessibility/design/#contrast
[theming]: /theming/
[lightest]: /tokens/color/#rh-color-surface-lightest
[border-subtle]: /tokens/border/#rh-color-border-subtle-on-light
[text-primary]: /tokens/font/#rh-color-text-primary-on-light
